transactionWatch: Limit the number of active subscriptions and clarify error codes (#146)
paritytech/json-rpc-interface-spec: src/api/transactionWatch_unstable_submitAndWatch.md

## Possible errors

- A JSON-RPC error with error code `-32800` can be generated if the JSON-RPC client has already opened 4 or more `transactionWatch_unstable_submitAndWatch` subscriptions.

> - A JSON-RPC error with error code `-32602` is generated if the `transaction` parameter has an invalid format, but no error is produced if the bytes of the `transaction`, once decoded, are invalid. Instead, an `invalid` notification will be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A JSON-RPC error with error code `-32602` is generated if the `transaction` parameter has an invalid format. Note that no error is produced if the bytes of the `transaction`, once decoded, are invalid. Instead, an `invalid` notification will be generated.
```

Just a small nit on the wording
